(GH-2109) Document running multiline commands against Network devices (#2411)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/running_bolt_network.md

> # Run Bolt on Network Devices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Run Bolt on network devices
```

You can run Bolt commands that target network devices in order to configure, provision, and make
other changes to those devices. However, interacting with network devices through Bolt can be

> different than interacting with other types of targets. These are some use cases and workflows that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
different than interacting with other types of targets. Here are some use cases and workflows that
```

> are useful when running against network devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are useful when running Bolt against network devices.
```

## Run multiline commands

> Files can't be written on certain devices, which prevents users from using `bolt script run` or
> `Invoke-BoltScript` to run multiline commands. With Bolt you can pass a file to `bolt command run`
> or `Invoke-BoltCommand` in order to execute multiline commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because some devices don't allow you to write files, you might not be able to use `bolt script run` or
`Invoke-BoltScript` to run multiline commands. Instead, you can pass a file to `bolt command run`
or `Invoke-BoltCommand` in order to execute multiline commands.
```

For example, the following file `configure-vap` configures two virtual access points on a Fortinet
device:

```
config wireless-controller vap
    edit WMI
    set fast-roaming enable

>     set external-fast-roaming  disable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    set external-fast-roaming disable
```
Not sure if `disable` requires 2 spaces?

Author: Oo I don't think so.

    set max-client 0
    set voice-enterprise enable
    set fast-bss-transition enable
    set broadcast-suppression dhcp-up dhcp-down dhcp-starvation arp-known arp-unknown arp-reply arp-poison arp-proxy netbios-ns netbios-ds ipv6 all-other-bc
next
    edit WM-GUEST
    set fast-roaming enable

>     set external-fast-roaming  disable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    set external-fast-roaming disable
```

    set max-client 0
    set broadcast-suppression dhcp-up dhcp-down dhcp-starvation arp-known arp-unknown arp-reply arp-poison arp-proxy netbios-ns netbios-ds ipv6 all-other-bc
end
```

> ### CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Execute from the Bolt CLI
```

> With the file in the same directory Bolt is run from you can execute the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run multiline commands from a file, run Bolt from the directory where the file exists:
```

_\*nix shell command_

```shell
bolt command run @configure-vap --targets servers
```

_PowerShell cmdlet_

```powershell
Invoke-BoltCommand -Command '@configure-vap' -Targets servers
```

> ### Bolt plan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Execute in a Bolt plan
```

You can provide the absolute path to the file or the Puppet file path (`<mymodule>/<myfile>` for
files stored in the `files/` directory of modules on the modulepath) to the `file::read()` plan
function, and pass that output to the `run_command()` plan function.

```
run_command(file::read('/path/to/configure-vap'), $target)
```

## 🧪 Using Puppet network device modules from an apply block

🧪 **Note:** Support for device modules is experimental and might change in
future minor (y) releases.

[Bolt plans](plans.md) can execute Puppet code from [apply
blocks](applying_manifest_blocks#applying-manifest-blocks-from-a-puppet-plan), including applying
classes from Puppet network device modules like the [PanOS
module](https://forge.puppet.com/modules/puppetlabs/panos). Puppet device modules based on
remote transports allow network devices and other targets that can't run a Puppet agent to be
managed from a proxy. Check out the [Puppet
Forge](https://forge.puppet.com/modules?utf-8=%E2%9C%93&page_size=25&sort=rank&q=network&endorsements=partner+supported)
to find an up to date list of modules for managing network devices.

> To use device modules from an apply statement, the devices must be added to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use device modules from an apply statement, you must add the devices to the
```
